[Music]
in spite of all the snow on the ground
it's a spring I guess it's damn near
April already well out that'll melt and
spring times coming so I think it's
about time to fire that up so I'm going
to go ahead and throw a battery in it
and see if she'll go and I'm also gonna
put I think try putting a camera up
there somewhere on the tripod gonna be
kind of tricky to aim it but put it up
there and aim it towards the car see if
I can't get a shot that way then I think
once it actually gets a little warm
around here put that on the stand and
clean up the mess
yeah all right I got the battery in it's
kind of facing the wrong way but it'll
work I got the choke set I'm probably
running long I think I might have a
little bit of a fuel leak in there I'm
not sure but hey beggars can't be
choosers yeah I won't know any for long
there's NOLA and I'm sure there's
coolant in it but not much so it'll just
fire it up it's spring time I got my
camera set way up there hopefully it's
not a good angle
take these boots off cuz they're dirty
as yeah well hop in
and we'll see if we can't fire it up
got to go in through the passenger-side
cuz it gotta like sparked a little close
but bump rub Oh battery
well I'll hook that cable up again and
we'll try her alright we should be good
to go now get some of the gas up the
carburetor there nice
I like it
[Music]
like I said we won't run it long but
what's not on the gas since the
Whiteland so thanks you doing alright a
bad little car at all
mice didn't get inside which is always
good
a little bit of exhaust leak up front
that's all right
yeah I can't wait to
can't wait to get that all fixed up
front there and love that sauce fell or
whatever it is be able to run this
around telling again break blue string
suppose leaks I don't know if you can
hear it
that air sucking so
I gotta fix that booster I would replace
it whatever I can do
yeah but it's nice
well I get
well I figure that's probably enough for
today I'll let it these two videos
together and see what I get out of it
hopefully the battery didn't die on the
other one
[Music]
well the mice didn't get inside the car
but they definitely got inside the
exhaust and they took a bunch of corn
with him when tried this round it's
gonna smell like burnt corn for the
first few miles I guess oh well they did
the same thing with the Bobcat and it
still works fine